
What we currently have:

Health - Increases the health by x
SpeedBoost - Increases the speed by x for y seconds
Poison - Decreased the health by x
Range - Increases the range by x for y seconds


Consumable Ideas:

Freeze - Where it freezes all the other NPCs/Player for x seconds
or Freeze. For x seconds, anytime you touch another character, you freeze them for y seconds.
Plague - for x seconds, enemies in range take y (probably 1) damage per second that they're in range of you.
Slow - Slows down the person for x seconds
Shrink - Shrinks the range for x seconds
Random Teleport - Teleports all the consumables to random locations
shield - debuff's don't affect you for up to 8 seconds
magnet - pulls consumables towards the player for a while
berserk - really fast but you lose life faster
teleportation - teleports the player to a random spot on the map
Gems - They have no effect but are used as currency for upgrades
teleportation gub - like teleport in gauntlet - teleports you to another teleporter
Mine - Where is blows up and does AOE damage. If you have enough range, you can set it off when not in range.


AI Ideas:



enemy that lays down debuff potions


enemy that freezes / plagues other players as much as they can.


An enemy that avoids the poison


An enemy that poison is food and food is poison
Range is speed, and speed is range.


Enemy that pushes you around (physically)


Enemy that freezes you if it touches you.


Enemy that when it touches you, you get a random debuff



Scope Creep ideas:

Extra points for hard mode. Playing the game in first person mode.


Each Ability (Damage [poison, kinetic, fire, cold[ and healing) has a type.
Enemies and players can have resistances to ability types.


Upgrade Shop (permanent) Upgrades Ideas (Per point): (Each Enemy can have these too)
Range increased by 0.1
Speed increased by 0.1
Initial health increased by 1
You start the game 0.1 second early

Consumable Updates:
Food gives you more health by 1
Range boost gives you more range by 0.1
Speed boost increases your speed by 0.1

Mines Protection
Poison affects you 1 less damage
Freeze lasts 1 second less for you


